Docs: Add precision support reference page (#1973)
ROCm/composable_kernel: docs/reference/precision_support.rst

.. meta::
  :description: Composable Kernel supported precision types and custom type support
  :keywords: composable kernel, precision, data types, ROCm

.. _precision-support:

********************************
Precision support
********************************

> The Composable Kernel (CK) library provides support for a wide range of precision types for tensor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Composable Kernel library provides support for several precision types for tensor
```

> operations. This document outlines the supported data types and how custom types can be used within

Reviewer: ```suggestion
operations. 
```

> the library.

Reviewer: remove

Supported data types

> ====================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-------------------------------
```

> The Composable Kernel (CK) library supports the following scalar data types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following scalar data types are supported:
```

    * - ``float``
      - 32-bit
      - Standard IEEE 754 single precision floating point

    * - ``int32_t``
      - 32-bit
      - Standard signed 32-bit integer

    * - ``int8_t``
      - 8-bit
      - Standard signed 8-bit integer

    * - ``uint8_t``
      - 8-bit
      - Standard unsigned 8-bit integer

    * - ``bool``
      - 1-bit
      - Boolean type

    * - ``ck::half_t``
      - 16-bit
      - IEEE 754 half precision floating point with 5 exponent bits, 10 mantissa bits, and 1 sign bit

    * - ``ck::bhalf_t``
      - 16-bit
      - Brain floating point with 8 exponent bits, 7 mantissa bits, and 1 sign bit

    * - ``ck::f8_t``
      - 8-bit
      - 8-bit floating point (E4M3 format) with 4 exponent bits, 3 mantissa bits, and 1 sign bit

    * - ``ck::bf8_t``
      - 8-bit
      - 8-bit brain floating point (E5M2 format) with 5 exponent bits, 2 mantissa bits, and 1 sign bit

    * - ``ck::f4_t``
      - 4-bit
      - 4-bit floating point format

    * - ``ck::f6_t``
      - 6-bit
      - 6-bit floating point format (e2m3 format)

    * - ``ck::bf6_t``
      - 6-bit
      - 6-bit brain floating point format (e3m2 format)

Vector types

> ============

Reviewer: ```suggestion
----------------------
```

> In addition to scalar types, the library provides mechanisms to work with vector data for more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Composable Kernel library provides vector data processing utilities for more efficient data processing and computation.
```

> efficient data processing and computation. Rather than predefined vector types, the library offers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Composable Kernel provides
```

> template utilities that allow users to create vector types with customizable widths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
template utilities that let users create vector types with customizable widths.
```
